# Reading List Web App

day 63 introduced working with databases to hold data, so that text and csv files could be replaced with sqlite using SQLAlchemy. After learning the ins and outs of SQLAlchemy, the project was to create a website that would display a list of books we read from a database, including their title, the author and a personal rating for the book. The site allowed adding new books to the list through an 'add' page, editing rankings through an 'edit' page, and using a delete link to remove books from the database, rounding off the CRUD cycle.

This was by far the most frustrating of the projects to date. It doesn't help that a topic like database interaction was introduced also while reducing hands on instruction during the advance stages. In short, it was hard to understand what was SQLAlchemy, and required reading the sqlalchemy, and what was `flask_sqlalchemy`, which is the framework that makes it easy to use SQLAlchemy in flask applications. There were a lots of bugs, a lot of sifting through different documentation, and at one point, I had to copy and paste my code in chat gpt and ask what was wrong with the code, which thankfully it was actually able to show me. The issue in the shortest possible explanation was I didn't realize that the "Scalar Result", which is what you get back from querrying the database, uses a SQLAlchemy device called a "Cursor" to iterate through the multiple results in a query. What the brief intro to cursor's didn't explain was that it can't iterate through a scalar result more than once, once it goes through, it's stuck at the end. I didn't copy the list into a variable, and was trying to use it directly, while also printing values like crazy, which is something I do especially at the start of a project, and I was never able to pull out the values I needed, because the print statements were already iterating the values I needed. Chat GPT caught that and was able to point it out, which I'm incredibly thankful for.