# Authentication Introduction

Day 68 introduced authentication strategies, as well as a small intro on hashing, salting, and general information about authentication and encryption in general. The project for the day was a generic site with just a login, registration, and a "secret" page with a file for download to practice setting up authentication for a website. The goal was to set up the pages so that a user could create a new account on the registration page or login with an already existing account on the login page to reach the "secret" page and have access to the file. Other challenges also included only showing the login link in the nav bar when the user wasn't authenticated, and hiding it afterwards, and also learning the flask "flash" method to show errors on the screen such as when the user tries to register with an email that is already registered, or a wrong username or password in the login window.

This project had its own headaches, not unlike the ones with flask_sqlalchemy. On one hand, it's a struggle to feel inadequate at certain challenges, but on the other, I'm getting a better idea of where I really am struggling. It seems really understanding what is being conveyed in documentation is probably the toughest part for me so far. One example was for the Flask-Login module, it required at some point to return a "user object" in one of its functions. The problem to me is that there are so many frameworks, and so many contexts it could be talking about, I get lost in knowing exactly what it wanted. In the end I had to peek at the solution to realize it wanted the actual user object from my database, but I wasn't sure in the moment of reading it, and thought it even could've been something specific to the flask-login module itself. Hopefully the more I work with different modules and the more I code, the more easily reading documentation will come to me.