# Blog Website Capstone Part 4

Day 69 finishes with the final Blog Website capstone project. The goal for this project is to bring in authentication to the blog website, as well as learning about table relationships within databases to create relationships between users, their posts, and even the comments they make on posts. A little bit of security is also added with flask-login to keep anyone but the administrator (`id == 1`) from reaching certain functions like creating new posts, and editing or deleting existing posts. It also requries users to be authenticated in general to be able to leave a comment.

The table relationships, while interesting to learn about, was incredibly frustrating to get working in the code. The problems have definitely helped me strongly identify my issue though. I struggle to absorb the generalized instructions and guides that are in documentation, and intepret those instructions into something that works with my code. SQLAlchemy is some of the toughest documentation for me because it's written for the general SQLAlchemy module in python, where my code is using flask_sqlalchemy, which uses a different syntax. This creates the problem of not only knowing how to interpret the general code to my own, but even determining what is generalized, and what needs to be stricly copied, or even what needs to be converted to flask_sqlalchemy syntax before stricly copying over. I had to eye the solution code a few times this project which felt demotivating at first, but after mulling it over, it just seems like a need to get more familiar with different examples of code. At the very least I do understand the code and how it works, but it's just difficult to get from A to B from the documentation alone sometimes.